{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \{\
        "MatchedObjectDescriptor": \{\
          "ApplicationCloseDate": "2021-01-12", \
          "ApplyURI": [\
            "https://www.usajobs.gov:443/GetJob/ViewDetails/588432600?PostingChannelID=RESTAPI"\
          ], \
          "DepartmentName": "National Aeronautics and Space Administration", \
          "JobCategory": [\
            \{\
              "Code": "0854", \
              "Name": "Computer Engineering"\
            \}\
          ], \
          "JobGrade": [\
            \{\
              "Code": "GS"\
            \}\
          ], \
          "OrganizationName": "Goddard Space Flight Center", \
          "PositionEndDate": "2021-01-12", \
          "PositionFormattedDescription": [\
            \{\
              "Label": "Dynamic Teaser", \
              "LabelDescription": "Hit highlighting for keyword searches."\
            \}\
          ], \
          "PositionID": "GSFC-21-DE-10998370-RW", \
          "PositionLocation": [\
            \{\
              "CityName": "Greenbelt, Maryland", \
              "CountryCode": "United States", \
              "CountrySubDivisionCode": "Maryland", \
              "Latitude": 39.0002632, \
              "LocationName": "Greenbelt, Maryland", \
              "Longitude": -76.8789\
            \}\
          ], \
          "PositionLocationDisplay": "Greenbelt, Maryland", \
          "PositionOfferingType": [\
            \{\
              "Code": "15317", \
              "Name": "Permanent"\
            \}\
          ], \
          "PositionRemuneration": [\
            \{\
              "MaximumRange": "94581.0", \
              "MinimumRange": "50860.0", \
              "RateIntervalCode": "Per Year"\
            \}\
          ], \
          "PositionSchedule": [\
            \{\
              "Code": "1", \
              "Name": "Full-Time"\
            \}\
          ], \
          "PositionStartDate": "2021-01-05", \
          "PositionTitle": "Computer Engineer", \
          "PositionURI": "https://www.usajobs.gov:443/GetJob/ViewDetails/588432600", \
          "PublicationStartDate": "2021-01-05", \
          "QualificationSummary": "In addition to the basic education requirement (shown below), you must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade, which has equipped you with the particular competencies needed to successfully perform the duties of the position described above. To qualify for GS-07, you must have:\\na) One year of directly related specialized experience equivalent to the GS-05 level performing duties such as applying basic computer engineering theories, concepts, and methodology to support working with computer languages and their applications in software/hardware and data systems; assisting in the design, development, or testing of software systems. OR\\nb) Completed 1 full academic year of graduate study in an appropriate field\\nOR\\nc) Any combination of experience and graduate study in an appropriate field\\nd) You may also qualify at the GS-07 level by meeting one of these Special Provisions: Are in the upper third of your class, based on completed college work at the time of filing an application. Have an average of 9 or better on a 4.0 scale for either all completed college work at the time of application or all college courses completed during the last 2 years of the undergraduate curriculum. Achieved a grade average of B+ (5 on a 4.0 scale) or better in the major field of study where such field is fully qualifying. This is either the average of all completed college work in the major field of study at the time of application or the average of all college courses completed in the major field of study during the last 2 years of the undergraduate curriculum. Elected to membership in one of the national honorary scholastic societies meeting the minimum requirements of the Association of College Honor Societies (other than freshman honor societies). These honor societies are listed at ACHS. Completed 12 months of student trainee experience that includes at least one work period equivalent to the GS-5, or at least 15 months of appropriate student trainee experience which includes one work period equivalent to the GS-04 level. One work period is 2 months or 320 hours. For engineering positions, successfully completed a 5-year program of study, or at least 160 semester hours, leading to a bachelor's degree. For engineering positions, have a professional engineering degree, and up to 12 months of experience gained as a technician or technologist equivalent to the GS-5 or higher level. Successfully completed all requirements for two bachelor's degrees, one in an appropriate field of science or engineering. Have six months of directly related/specialized experience or training, including 3 months gained after the junior year of college. This experience may have been obtained on a part-time or intermittent basis and may have been paid or unpaid. Received honors or elective positions indicating superior leadership outside of your academic setting. Additionally, your academic standing must have been in the upper half of the graduating class. Have pattern of completing courses that include unusual preparatory value or direct relation to the particular aerospace specialty for which you are being considered. Have creative research aptitude or special talent for NASA scientific or engineering work. This must be shown by evidence obtained and documented by NASA in certifications from college professors or officials, or standardized questionnaires, or similar techniques. To qualify for GS-09, you must have:\\na) One year of directly related specialized experience equivalent to the GS-07 level performing duties such as basic software coding/programming preferably in C and/or C++; software and data systems design and testing; assisting with embedded hardware/software development. OR\\nb) Completed all requirements for a master's or equivalent graduate degree in an appropriate field\\nOR\\nc) Completed 2 full academic years of graduate education in an appropriate field\\nOR\\nd) Have an equivalent combination of experience and graduate study as discussed in a), b) and c) above To qualify for GS-11, you must have:\\na) You must have one year of directly related specialized experience equivalent to the GS-09 level performing duties such as using programming languages C, C++, C# and/or VHDL and their applications in software and data systems; applying knowledge of embedded hardware/software development and/or embedded operating systems to support projects. Experience with Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) is desired. OR\\nb) Completed all requirements for a doctoral degree (i.e., Ph.D. or equivalent) in an appropriate field\\nOR\\nc) Completed 3 full academic years of graduate education in an appropriate field\\nOR\\nd) Have an equivalent combination of experience and graduate study as discussed in a), b) and c) above Your resume must include a clear and detailed narrative description, in your own words, of how you meet the required specialized experience. Experience statements copied from a position description, vacancy announcement or other reference material constitutes plagiarism and may result in disqualification and losing consideration for the job. Required college majors for applicants qualifying on the basis of undergraduate or graduate education only: Computer Engineering. Other majors will qualify if the major includes or is supplemented as follows: a. Computer Science and Pure Mathematics are fully qualifying for Data Analysis, Modeling and Theoretical Simulation Techniques positions without further course requirements. For Data Systems, Hardware Systems and Software Systems positions, Computer Science and Pure Mathematics are qualifying if the major includes or is supplemented by 12 semester hours (or the equivalent) in appropriate Physical Science or Engineering courses and includes or is supplemented by at least two courses shown under \\"b.2.\\" b. Applied Mathematics is qualifying if includes or is supplemented by at least two of the following courses: 1. For Data Analysis, Modeling and Theoretical Simulation Techniques: numerical methods (or numerical analysis); linear algebra, theory of equations, differential equations, mathematical statistics (if six semester hour course), operating systems, theory of computation, computer networks, programming languages, data structures, data base management, computer graphics, compiler construction, computer architecture, software engineering. 2. For Data Systems, Hardware Systems and Software Systems: electronics, electrical networks, solid-state physics (for transistors, tapes, etc.), optics (for simulation), electricity and magnetism, computer organization, logic design, control systems, communication theory. c. Other appropriate physical science and engineering majors are qualifying if the major includes or is supplemented by six semester hours (or the equivalent) in Mathematics beyond Basic Calculus and includes or is supplemented by at least two courses shown above under \\"b.\\"", \
          "UserArea": \{\
            "Details": \{\
              "AdjudicationType": [\
                "Suitability/Fitness"\
              ], \
              "AgencyContactEmail": "nssc-contactcenter@nasa.gov", \
              "AgencyContactPhone": "1-877-677-2123", \
              "AgencyMarketingStatement": "Explore the Extraordinary\\nCalling all the innovators, pioneers, visionaries, and adventurers! We are diverse group of professionals united by a common purpose: to discover and expand knowledge for the benefit of humanity. We're building on our rich legacy by embarking on new and exciting missions, both on Earth and beyond and we're looking for fresh ideas to help us get there. Do you have a passion for exploration? Do you want your work to leave an enduring impact? Join us in a career that can take you farther than you can imagine. At NASA, our work is more than just a profession-it's a lifelong pursuit, a passion, and a chance to change the world. NASA is more than astronauts. We are scientists, engineers, IT specialists, human resources specialists, accountants, writers, technicians and many other kinds of people working together to break barriers to achieve the seemingly impossible. Explore the extraordinary, every day; explore a career at NASA!", \
              "AnnouncementClosingType": "01", \
              "ApplyOnlineUrl": "https://apply.usastaffing.gov/Application/Apply", \
              "Benefits": "", \
              "CommuteDistance": "0", \
              "DetailStatusUrl": "https://apply.usastaffing.gov/Application/ApplicationStatus", \
              "DrugTestRequired": "False", \
              "Education": "You must have successfully completed a bachelor's or graduate degree with a major in either a) engineering from a college or university that has ABET accredited engineering programs or b) Physical Science, Mathematics, Life Science, Computer Science*, or other field of physical science.\\n*Note: Curriculum must include 30 semester hours of course work in a combination of mathematics, statistics and computer science. Of the 30 semester hours, 15 must be in any combination of statistics and mathematics which includes differential and integral calculus. Degrees in engineering technology are not considered qualifying for this position. To find out if a school has an ABET accreditation, go to http://www.abet.org. Degrees must have been received in the year of, or any year subsequent to the original date of accreditation. Engineering degrees earned outside the United States: Engineering degrees earned outside the Unites States must be recognized by a Mutual Recognition Agreement (MRA), often known as accords. These are non-governmental agreements among organizations that accredit academic degree programs. MRAs recognize the substantial equivalence of mature accreditation systems and programs accredited by signatory organizations within their jurisdictions. For a listing of Signatories, please visit, https://www.abet.org/global-presence/mutual-recognition-agreements/is-your-program-recognized/. Science and other related degrees earned within the United States: Science and other related degrees must have been awarded from colleges or universities that are accredited by recognized accrediting organizations. For a list of schools that meet this criteria, go to http://ope.ed.gov/accreditation/. Science and other related degrees earned outside the United States: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs. These education credentials must be deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: https://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html.", \
              "Evaluations": "You will be evaluated for this position based on how well you meet the qualifications and eligibility requirements listed in this vacancy announcement. To determine your qualifications and referral status, we may review your resume and supporting documentation and compare it against your responses to the vacancy questionnaire. Overstating your qualifications and/or experience in your application materials or application questionnaire may result in your removal from consideration. NASA considers paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.", \
              "HighGrade": "11", \
              "HiringPath": [\
                "fed-transition", \
                "public"\
              ], \
              "HowToApply": "A complete application package must be submitted by 11:59 PM (ET) on the closing date of the announcement to receive consideration. To begin the application process, click on the 'Apply' link. You will need to be logged into your USAJOBS account to apply. If you do not have a USAJOBS account, you will need to create one before beginning the application. Follow the prompts to select your resume and/or other supporting documents to be included with your application package. Your uploaded documents may take several hours to clear the virus scan process. After acknowledging you have reviewed your application package, complete the \\"Include Personal Information\\" section as you deem appropriate and click to continue with the application process. You will be taken to the online application which you must complete in order to apply for the position. Complete the online application, verify all required documentation is included with your application package, and submit the application. If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application.", \
              "JobSummary": "The Science Data Processing Branch at Goddard Space Flight Center is seeking skilled individuals to serve as Computer Engineer committed to learning new technologies and skills. This position is responsible for assisting with the software and/or hardware design, development, implementation and integration of science data processing applications and technology for flight, in-situ and ground based systems.", \
              "KeyRequirements": [], \
              "LowGrade": "7", \
              "MajorDuties": [\
                "Duties described below are at the full-performance level. Duties assigned at a lower grade level will be of more limited scope, performed with less independence and limited complexity; duties will be commensurate with the grade of selected employee.", \
                "Design and develop unique or leading-edge technology, hardware, software, equipment, or systems to meet specific mission or project requirements.", \
                "Contribute to the design, development, test, checkout and readiness of advanced software and/or hardware systems that span a broad spectrum of engineering functions to support various operations and missions.", \
                "Develop information and computer technology applications involving state-of-the-art development tools and computing systems.", \
                "Adapt methodologies and technologies for problem resolution. Perform algorithm\\ndevelopment, data acquisition, data reduction, and computation to meet end-to-end system needs for science data processing systems/applications.", \
                "Perform complex analysis, development, and experimental studies resulting in new design guidelines impacting program or mission capability and operating procedures.", \
                "Apply computer science and engineering principles, information management principles, data processing functions, standard mathematical methods and algorithms on systems, and computer programming languages and techniques."\
              ], \
              "OrganizationCodes": "NN/NN51", \
              "OtherInformation": "Additional selections may be made for similar positions across NASA within the local commuting area(s) of the location(s) identified in this announcement. By applying, you agree to have your application shared with interested selecting official(s) within NASA. CTAP/ICTAP will be cleared for any additional selection from this announcement. This position is announced under Direct Hire authority. If you have special priority selection rights under the Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP), you must: - Indicate your eligibility when applying for a position. The questionnaire asks you to identify your ICTAP/CTAP eligibility.\\n- Meet the minimum qualifications requirements for the position\\n-Submit proof that you meet the requirements for CTAP/ICTAP as indicated in 'Required Documents' For additional information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, click here - https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/#ictap.", \
              "PositionSensitivitiy": "Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk", \
              "Relocation": "False", \
              "RequiredDocuments": "A complete application package includes a resume, required documents and completion of the vacancy announcement questionnaire. Please see this guidance: What to include in your resume. Your resume should describe your specialized experience and support your answers to the vacancy announcement questionnaire. The following documents are required:\\nResumeTranscript There may be other supporting documents (licenses, certification, veterans preference, transcripts, etc.), depending on your answers to the questionnaire and job announcement description, that you may need to submit. If you are a surplus or displaced employee (CTAP and ICTAP), submit proof that you meet the requirements for CTAP/ICTAP. This includes copies of your agency notice, most recent Performance Rating and most recent Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50) noting current position, grade level, and duty location. If you do not submit a transcript, we will not use your education when deciding if you're qualified for the job and you may lose consideration. Official documents are required at the time of appointment for verification of eligibility and qualifications.", \
              "Requirements": "", \
              "SecurityClearance": "Not Required", \
              "ServiceType": "01", \
              "TotalOpenings": "2", \
              "TravelCode": "1", \
              "WhatToExpectNext": "Once you submit your application package, you will receive an acknowledgement email. Throughout the process you will receive regular status updates through USAJOBS. To verify the status of your application, log into your USAJOBS account (https://my.usajobs.gov/Account/Login), all of your applications will appear on the Welcome screen. The Application Status will appear along with the date your application was last updated. For information on what each Application Status means, visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/how-to/application/status/. If you are found qualified, you may be referred to the hiring manager for further consideration. Whether or not you are contacted for an interview depends upon the location of the position and the judgment of the hiring manager. If you are selected, you will be notified by phone or email with a tentative job offer. If you fail to meet the conditions of employment or any other pre-employment requirements, such as missing a scheduled appointment, we may rescind a tentative job offer. An official, written job offer will be issued once all requirements have been verified.", \
              "WhoMayApply": \{\
                "Code": "", \
                "Name": ""\
              \}, \
              "WithinArea": "False"\
            \}, \
            "IsRadialSearch": false\
          \}\
        \}, \
        "MatchedObjectId": "588432600", \
        "RelevanceRank": 0.0\
      \}, \
}